# . Log Service SDK for .NET Core  {#task_fxd_m2r_32b .task}

The Log Service SDK for .NET Core enables developers across different platforms  to use Alibaba Cloud Log Service by means of the  .NET Core framework.

[Click here](https://github.com/aliyun/aliyun-log-dotnetcore-sdk) to download the Log Service SDK for .NET Core from GitHub.

1.  Create an Alibaba Cloud account 
2.  Obtain an Alibaba Cloud AccessKey 

    Before using the Log Service SDK for .NET Core,  you must have obtained an [AccessKey](../../../../reseller.en-US/API Reference/AccessKey.md).

    Log on to your Alibaba Cloud account and go to the Access Key Management page. Then, select an AccessKey \(consisting of an AccessKey ID and AccessKey Secret\) for the SDK. If you do not have any AccessKeys, create one and make sure the AccessKey is **enabled**. For how to create an AccessKey, see [Preparation](../../../../reseller.en-US/User Guide/Preparation/Preparation.md).

    An enabled AccessKey is required for the following steps. Note that it must be kept confidential. For more information about how to use the AccessKey in the Log Service SDK for .NET Core, see [Configurations](reseller.en-US/SDK Reference/Basic Descriptions /Configurations.md).

3.  Create a Log Service project and a Logstore 

    Before using the Log Service SDK for .NET Core,  you must have created a Log Service project and a Logstore in the console.

    For more information about how to create a project and a Logstore, see [Preparation](../../../../reseller.en-US/User Guide/Preparation/Preparation.md).

    **Note:** 

    -   Ensure that you use the Alibaba Cloud account that obtained the AccessKey and created the project and the Logstore.
    -   For more information about concepts of Log Service \(such as project and Logstore\), see [Basic concepts](../../../../reseller.en-US/Product Introduction/Basic concepts.md).
    -   A project name must be globally unique in the Log Service, and a Logstore name must be unique under the corresponding project.
    -   Once a project is created, you cannot modify the region  or migrate the project across regions.
4.  Install a .NET Core development environment 

    Currently, the Log Service SDK for   .NET Core supports the following versions:

    -   . NET Core 2.0
    -   . NET Framework \(with . NET Core 1.x SDK\) 4.6.2
    -   . NET Framework \(with . NET Core 2.0 SDK\) 4.6.1
    For all supported versions, see [GitHub](https://github.com/aliyun/aliyun-log-dotnetcore-sdk).

5.  Download and install the Log Store SDK for .NET Core.  Build the .NET development environment and then download and install the Log Service SDK for .NET Core to the environment.
    1.  Download .NET Core SDK. [Click here](https://github.com/aliyun/aliyun-log-dotnetcore-sdk) to download the Log Service SDK for .NET Core from Github.
    2.  Extract the installation package to the specified directory. The Log service SDK for .Net Core is a software development kit that does not require additional installation. To use the Log Service SDK for .NET Core in your Visual Studio project, follow these steps.
6.  Create a new Log Service  .Net Core project. Download the Log Service SDK for .NET Core  and install it in the .NET development environment. Create a Log Service .NET Core project. For more information, see [Github Wiki](https://github.com/aliyun/aliyun-log-dotnetcore-sdk/wiki#示例).

