# .NET SDK {#reference_cd1_2wq_12b .reference}

## Download address {#section_kst_szc_zbb .section}

Log service. NET SDK allows developers of Windows platform to conveniently use Alibaba Cloud Log Service by using the .NET platform. Currently, the SDK supports .NET Framework 3.5, 4.0, and 4.5. SDK files vary with different .NET Framework versions, but the interfaces and functions are the same.

SDK GitHub address: [Click here to go to GitHub](https://github.com/aliyun/aliyun-log-csharp-sdk)

## Procedure {#section_ylg_r1r_12b .section}

Follow these steps to start using the Log Service .NET SDK quickly.

## Step 1 Create an Alibaba Cloud account {#section_zlg_r1r_12b .section}

## Step 2 Obtain an Alibaba Cloud AccessKey {#section_amg_r1r_12b .section}

Before using Log Service .NET SDK, you must apply for an Alibaba Cloud [AccessKey](../../../../reseller.en-US/API Reference/AccessKey.md).

Log on to the Access Key Management page. Select an AccessKey for SDK. If you do not have any, create one and make sure the AccessKey is**enabled** . For how to create an AccessKey, see [Preparation](../../../../reseller.en-US/User Guide/Preparation/Preparation.md), Create and enable AccessKey in Preparation.

The AccessKey is used in the following steps and must be kept confidential. For more information about [Configurations](reseller.en-US/SDK Reference/Basic Descriptions /Configurations.md) how to use the AccessKey in SDK, see SDK configuration.

## Step 3 Create a Log Service project and a Logstore {#section_zrq_dbr_12b .section}

Before using Log Service .NET SDK, you must create a Log Service project and a Logstore in the console.

For how to create a project and a Logstore, see [Preparation](../../../../reseller.en-US/User Guide/Preparation/Preparation.md). Create a project in Manage a project and Create a Logstore in Manage a Logstore.

**Note:** 

-   Make sure that you use the same Alibaba Cloud account to obtain the Alibaba Cloud AccessKey and create the Log Service project and Logstore.
-   For more information about the concepts of Log Service such as project and Logstore, see Core concept [Basic concepts](../../../../reseller.en-US/Product Introduction/Basic concepts/Overview.md#).
-   A project name must be globally unique in Log Service, and a Logstore name must be unique in the same project.
-   After a project is created, you cannot modify the region or migrate the project across regions.

## Step 4 Install the .NET development environment {#section_nrd_3cj_sy .section}

Currently, Log Service SDK supports the .NET 3.5 and .NET 4.0/4.5 running environments. To support the Log Service SDK development, we recommend that you install:

-   Microsoft. Net Framework 3.5/4.0/4.5 \(the specific version depends on the target environment required by your program.\)
-   Visual Studio 2010 and later versions

## Step 5 Download and install Log Service .NET SDK {#section_i2n_jcj_sy .section}

Install the Log Service .NET SDK after you build the .NET development environment. The steps are as follows:

1.  Download
    -   from GitHub: [https://github.com/aliyun/aliyun-log-csharp-sdk](https://github.com/aliyun/aliyun-log-csharp-sdk)
    -   Historical version download: Click [here](http://imgs-storage.cdn.aliyuncs.com/help/sls/aliyun-sls-sdk-dotnet-0.4.1.zip) to download the Log Service .NET SDK package
2.  of the latest version. Log service. Net SDK is a software development kit that does not require additional installation. You can follow the steps below directly in your own visual studio projects.

## Step 6 Start a new Log Service Net project {#section_kfd_mcj_sy .section}

After installing the .NET development environment and the Log Service .NET SDK, you can create a Log Service Net project. For more information, see the LOGSDKSample project of SLSSDK40 solution in [Github](https://github.com/aliyun/aliyun-log-csharp-sdk).

