# Service log overview {#concept_e2t_hzp_m2b .concept}

Alibaba Cloud Log Service provides the service log function, which supports recording various types of logs \(including operational logs\) and provides several dashboards for a variety of analysis dimensions. This function can help you gain real-time insights into the resource usage of Log Service, allowing you improve your overall O&M efficiency.

## Limits {#section_ysx_jrn_x2b .section}

-   A dedicated Logstore only stores logs generated by Log Service and does not support reading other data. Currently, there are no limits for queries, statistics, alarms, and stream consumption.
-   RAM users can activate Log Service only after they are authorized by their corresponding Alibaba Cloud accounts.
-   Logs generated by a Project can be stored in other Projects that are in the same region. However, storage across regions is not currently supported.
-   Logs generated by the service log function follows the standard pricing policy of Log Service. The billing method is Pay-As-You-Go and a free quota is provided each month. For more information, see [Billing method](../../../../../reseller.en-US/Pricing/Billing method.md).
-   If you want to disable the service log function, you can deselect the service logs check box of the **Enable Operations Logs** field. Log Service then forbids service log writing but retains historical service logs, which may result in fees. If you want to delete historical service logs, you can directly delete the Logstore that stores the logs.

## Default configurations {#section_z1x_djr_m2b .section}

|Default configuration item|Details|
|:-------------------------|:------|
|Logstore|By default, Log Service creates five Logstores for you, each of which stores a different log type. For example:-   `internal-operation_log`: Records operational logs and stores them for 30 days by default. This log type uses the common billing method.
-   `internal-diagnostic_log`: Records metering logs, consumption group delays, and Logtail-related logs based on topics. This Logstore stores the logs and information for 30 days by default and can be used free of charge.

For more information about log types and fields, see [Log types](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Log Service Monitor/Service log/Log types.md).|
|Region| -   If you select **Automatic creation \(recommended\)** for the **Log Storage** field, Log Service creates a Project within the same region.
-   Service logs can be stored only in Projects within the current region.

 |
|Shard|By default, Log Service creates two Shards for each Logstore and enables the [automatic sharding](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Preparation/Manage a Shard.md) function.|
|Log storage duration|By default, logs are stored for 30 days. However, you can modify this setting. For more information, see [Manage a Logstore ](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Preparation/Manage a Logstore.md).|
|Index|By default, the index function is enabled for all collected logs. If you do not need query, analysis, or alarm settings, you can disable the index function on the query page.|
|Dashboard|By default, Log Service creates five dashboards pertaining to the following:-   User operations
-   Metering data
-   Logtail log collection
-   Logtail exception monitoring
-   Consumer group monitoring

 For more information, see [Dashboards](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Log Service Monitor/Service log/Service log dashboards.md).|

## Scenarios {#section_nyc_vcq_m2b .section}

-   **View metering data**

    After you Log Service, Log Service immediately begins to calculate the storage space occupied by logs and indexes on an hourly basis and collects billing data \(including the number of read and write operations and index traffic\) for the current collection period and stores this information as metering logs. Metering logs are then stored in an independent Logstore. You can view the collected metering logs to gain insight into your storage and consumption information.


-   **Balance Shard writers and your overall consumption**

    You can compare write operations into Shards and overall consumption trends through predefined dashboards to determine whether your Shard write operations and consumption are balanced.

    If there are multiple Logstores under a Project, the same Shards may be repeated for several Logstores. In such case, if you want to view the write distribution of a Shard in a specific Logstore, you can add the target Project and Logstore as filter conditions in the upper-left corner of the dashboard.

-   **Monitor API request status**

    All user operations \(such as log writes, consumption, and the creation of Projects and Logstores\) are performed through API requests. Every user operation generates a log in the internal-operation\_log Logstore.

    If a request fails, the `Status` field of the corresponding log is of a 3xx, 4xx, or 5xx status code. Therefore, you can determine whether API requests are normal by monitoring the number of logs with a `Status` field of the preceding code formats.

-   **View the Logtail status**

    By default, Log Service creates two Logtail-related dashboards, which are used for exception monitoring and data statistics. The exception monitoring dashboard shows specific exceptions, such as log parsing failure and regular expression mismatch.


